chore(docs): update and reorganize docs (#1933)
stoplightio/elements: docs/introduction.md

How you chose to work with Elements depends on what you are trying to do.

- **[Elements](getting-started/usage/web-component.md)** - Only need documentation for your API reference? Integrate Elements with any Content Management System, existing documentation portal, website or React application.

> - **[Elements Dev Portal]()** - Need a full documentation portal combining articles and guides with your API reference? Integrate Elements Dev Portal using ReactJS or HTML.

Reviewer: These two links are broken

Author: ```suggestion
- **[Elements](getting-started/elements/introduction.md)** - Only need documentation for your API reference? Integrate Elements with any Content Management System, existing documentation portal, website or React application.
- **[Elements Dev Portal](getting-started/dev-portal/introduction.md)** - Need a full documentation portal combining articles and guides with your API reference? Integrate Elements Dev Portal using ReactJS or HTML.
```
